README.md, before:

# NotPomodoroApp
#### Countdown and timer pomodoro like app. Currently workable, still need bug fixing, code clearup, optimalization and comments. 

### Project Description:
   Timer/Pomodoro application that i created for my own needs.
 

### Technologies used: 
   * Electron
   * React
   * Javascript
   * Redux
   * MaterialUI
   * Tailwind


   ### Good
   - 
      As this is my first time using Electron i learned a lot about it. The whole process made me understand main - render processes and the quque much more. Put some more time into designing and making it responsive and used some new UI libraries for first time.
     
     

   ### Critique
   -
      At this point i would probably do this application differently learning from the experience doing it this time. For example i would most probably create my own libraries handling countdown/timer, here i used two different libraries to handle it, in the end both of them handle timer in different ways which slowed me a bit and made some of the code harder to create at first. Additional things:
        - I would use localStorage or LiteSQL to handle data storage. localStorage would make me able to host it on web. 
        
      

![](https://github.com/marcin554/NotPomodoroApp/blob/dev/Timer.gif)
![](https://github.com/marcin554/NotPomodoroApp/blob/dev/Options.gif)
![](https://github.com/marcin554/NotPomodoroApp/blob/dev/Overlay.png)

Commit message:

Main function separation, fixing totalTime saving
Main function separation, fixing totalTime saving

README.md, after:

# NotPomodoroApp
#### Countdown and timer pomodoro like app. Currently workable, still need bug fixing, code clearup, optimalization and comments. 

### Project Description:
   Timer/Pomodoro application that i created for my own needs.
 

### Technologies used: 
   * Electron
   * React
   * Javascript
   * Redux
   * MaterialUI
   * Tailwind


   ### Good
   - 
      As this is my first time using Electron i learned a lot about it. The whole process made me understand main - render processes and the quque much more. Put some more time into designing and making it responsive and used some new UI libraries for first time.
     
     

   ### Critique
   -
      At this point i would probably do this application differently learning from the experience doing it this time. For example i would most probably create my own libraries handling countdown/timer, here i used two different libraries to handle it, in the end both of them handle timer in different ways which slowed me a bit and made some of the code harder to create at first. Additional things:
        - I would use localStorage or LiteSQL to handle data storage. localStorage would make me able to host it on web. 
        - I would use the Date/Time objects in js instead of saving it in simple ints. 
      

![](https://github.com/marcin554/NotPomodoroApp/blob/dev/Timer.gif)
![](https://github.com/marcin554/NotPomodoroApp/blob/dev/Options.gif)
![](https://github.com/marcin554/NotPomodoroApp/blob/dev/Overlay.png)
